docs: OFO doc updates (#278)
open-feature/open-feature-operator: docs/README.md

# Docs

> This directory contains all OpenFeature Operator documentation, see table of contents below:

Reviewer: maybe add a relvative link?

## Usage

Follow the documentation below to deploy the open feature operator to your local cluster, followed by a simple example app using `curl` to evaluate a static flag.

- [Installation](./installation.md)
- [Getting Started](./getting_started.md)

## Configuration

Configuration of the deployed sidecars is handled through the `FeatureFlagConfiguration` CRs defined in the `openfeature.dev/featureflagconfiguration` annotation of a deployed `PodSpec`. 

> > Configuration for the operator will be possible in the future, to help contribute [click here](https://github.com/open-feature/open-feature-operator/issues)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Further configuration of the operator will be possible in the future, to help contribute [click here](https://github.com/open-feature/open-feature-operator/issues)
```
